 
June 12, 2022
Current Version: 1.0
Overview
Our group members are developing an online grocery delivery website to provide ease for the customers to get their groceries online and enhance the customer base of a super store.
Milestones
List of technological choices for front-end, back-end and databases Technical_Details_2 
Complete website with working features
Presentation to defend project in front of professor
Test the website at project defense
Complete login/signup page
Complete add to cart feature (Will be done by Berhan )
Complete feature where employees will label products as out of stock or in stock
Complete feature where delivery team can message each other if an item is missing from the order
Complete feature where it tells the customer when the order has been delivered to their house
Complete feature where customer can refund an order
Complete feature where customers can message customer support 
Complete a properly working website with a database 
Deliverables
Development of front-end using HTML and CSS (Will be done by Sama Abdul Wahab)
Development of Database diagrams (ERD) and database (Will be done by Sama Abdul Wahab )
Writing back-end and connecting front end with database (Will be done by Rupin)
Test the website for debugging purposes (Will be done by Zain)
Make a presentation for project defense (Will be done by Rupin)
Promote the website using different advertising methods (Will be done by Sama Abdulwahab)
Prerecorded teaching tutorials on how to use the website for new customers (Will be done by Berhan )
Product search functions available to improve website operations (Will be done by Rupin)
Add to cart/product wishlist optimization (Will be done by Zain)
Optimized payment processor for customers  (Will be done by Berhan ) 
Tools for employer/manager to assess and assist customers accessing website  (Will be done by Berhan )
Tools for delivery team and employees/managers to communicate with each other (Will be done by Zain)
5. Risks, Assumptions, and Constraints
Follwing are the risks, assumptions and constraints of the project:
5.1 Risks
Not finding a good hosting service will increase faults and down-time of the website.
Learning new technologies can be difficult for group members that will make it hard to provide deliverables on time.
Customers can find it hard to use the website.
   5.2 Assumptions
Group members will learn new technologies and tools to develop website.
The website will be used by super stores.
The customers will find it helpful to do groceries online.
There will be negligible down-time of website with more than 99.99% uptime.
5.3 Constraints
Superstore may find it difficult to share information.
No survey has been done to know the expected customer base of this product.
 6. Organization/Stakeholders

Project Role
Responsibilities
Assigned to
Project Manager
Design and maintain the website
Sama Abdul Wahab
Front end developers
Develop the front-end
 Sama and  
Backend Developers
Develop back-end




Database Developers
Develop ERD and database





 7. Use Cases
By sama abdulwahab
Actor (User)
User will create an account on the website.
Pre-conditions
User has come to the landing/home page of the website.
Main Flow
The user will click on the sign-up button.
A form will be opened to get user details.
User will enter his/her details.
An OTP will be sent to user’s email 
User will enter the correct OTP.
User account will be made and he/she will be signed-in to start shopping.
Alternate Flows
If any connection issues arise, preventing the message to be sent before it times out:
The system will add an error message, warning the user that the request was not sent.
If a user clicks on Close, instead of Submit:
Home page opens up.
The user enters wrong OTP
The system will add an error message, warning the user that the OTP was incorrect and the request was not sent.
Postconditions
After the user has successfully requested for sign-up, a user account will be made and he/she will start shopping.
 
